privacy-policy
MusicVideoTube Apps  always respect user data and takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy informs you of your choices and our practices regarding any information you provided to us and we collect. This privacy statement applies to Super Fast Apps domain on Google Play Store and its products,  When you use these services—and any others we release—you’ll inevitably share some information with us. Since your privacy means much to us, we want you to learn about the information we collect, how we use it, whom we share it with, and the choices we give you to control, access, and update your information.



How We Use Information



Provide and deliver the products, services, and functionality that you request and are necessary for our apps to work.

Develop, improve, and refine products, services, and functionality.

Personalize the Services by providing advertisements, content, or features that match user profiles or interests.



Personal Information



We do not record, store, collect information that identifies you as an individual (A Person). We do not attempt to obtain any sensitive information like contacts, your devices media and documents. Super Fast Apps will not sell, trade or disclose any personal information you might give us without your prior consent. However, information will be disclosed where required by law.



Although we ourselves do not attempt to track your information, our products may contain third parties’ APIs. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that may be collected by that third party, so we are therefore not responsible for that information.



We allow third-party companies to serve ads and collect certain anonymous information when you visit our app. These companies may use anonymous information such as your Google Advertising ID, your device type and version, browsing activity, location and other technical data relating to your device, in order to provide advertisements



The third-party privacy policies we may use are as follows:

FaceBook - https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy

Admob - https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US



Contact Information



If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, please contact us.



Policy Updates



We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.
